So I hope you did well
with that markup exercise.
And let's take a look at your markup and
see what you got.
So we talked about it a little
bit before we started.
Let's start up here at the top
with the new album stuff.
So, in my markup, I put a section around
that, this is a section of the web page.
I gave it a class of album, and
then there's the H2, new album, the H1,
it was all a dream.
And then you can put in
your link to order now.
And of course, you can give it that class
of button primary, which already exists,
we know that that's how that
button is gonna be styled.
You may have used a div instead of
a section, that's probably just fine.
For accessibility purposes, section really
doesn't have a whole lot of impact on web
pages at this point, but semantically,
it may be a little bit better.
All right, then we have our table.
So let's talk about that,
I wrapped a section around our table, and
then we start with the table element,
right?
So table starts at the beginning,
ends all the way down at the end.
And now I will ask the question, how many
of you added a caption to your table?
How many of you have ever
even heard of a caption?
Great, so caption is really important.
Anytime you use a table, you need to
tell people particularly as this in
the accessibility world, what is this
table that they're about to look at?
So to this I've added the caption element,
the HTML and
the correct way to write it must
be the first child of table.
So in other words,
table Followed immediately by caption.
And the title here is,
It Was All A Dream playlist.
That was just,
it's a playlist for the album.
The album name is It Was All A Dream,
so there we go, okay?
We can eventually hide that.
We'll go through that when we get to the
CSS, but you'll want to add that to your
table if you don't have it, and I gave
you a reference there to look at MDN.
Okay, next up, we have our track,
our song, and our time.
How did you mark that up?
We put a row around it, right TR, and
then for each individual element,
what did you use?
>> th.
>> th, anybody used td?
Nobody will admit it?
Okay, so th stands for what?
>> Table header.
So this is the headers for
our columns, track, song, and time, so
we'll use that here for those headers.
And then the rest of it is pretty
straightforward cuz it's the same thing
over and over again, right?
We're gonna have each row gets a tr,
and then each of the elements in
that row get a td, td/td, right?
One casino of tricks, 201, and so on and
so forth all the way down the page.
And it goes on forever [LAUGH],
and then it ends.
Sound good?
Everybody cool?
All right.